docs: add type hints guidance (#941)
scanapi/scanapi: wiki/First-Pull-Request.md

> Now you can implement your changes in the code.

Reviewer: Maybe we could improve a bit this intro too, since now we have more sub-sections.

```suggestion
Now you can start implementing your changes in the code. Besides the implementation itself, keep in mind that ScanAPI follows conventions for type hints and documentation. The sections below explain these guidelines in more detail.
```

> ### Type hints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 2.1 Type hints
```
